ConcurrentQueue/README.md, before:

# Overview
This class provides a queue which can be shared between multiple threads and have multiple producers and consumers.

# Usage
# Construction
Creating a queue of strings
```C++
ConcurrentQueue<std::string> queue;
```
# Insertion
```C++
queue.push("Hello");
queue.push("World");
```
# Retreival
Two methods are provided for retreiving data.
If the queue is empty `tryFrontPop()` will return immediatly
```C++
auto val = queue.tryFrontPop();
if (val){
    std::cout << "My data is "<< *val;
}
else{
    std::cout << "The queue was empty ";
}
```
If the queue is empty `waitingFrontPop()` will wait until a producer puts something in the queue
```C++
auto val = queue.waitingFrontPop(); // Execution will wait here if the queue is empty
std::cout << "My data is "<< val;
```

# Rationale
## tryFrontPop() return type
This function needs to return 2 bits of information 
* Whether it was successful
* The popped data

### Iterator `Containter::const_iterator`
The underlying could be changed to std::deque to allow iterator access.  
The concurrentQueue should not return an iterator to the underlying container because then a user could break the encapsulation and bypass the thread safety to access queue elements.

### Unique Pointer `std::unique_ptr<T>`
The function could return a nullptr if the queue was empty and return a pointer to the data if it was possible.
This would in memory allocation on the heap every time data is accessed.

### Pair `std::pair<T,bool>`
If data was available the function could return the data, and `true` to signify the data is good.
Otherwise the return type would be default constructed and returned with a `false` to signify the data is bad.
The bool should be the 2nd param to be consistent with the [STL](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/map/insert) and for [performance reasons](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56761591/how-do-i-organize-members-in-a-struct-to-waste-the-least-space-on-alignment).
This means only default constructable objects can be stored in the queue.

### Out Parameter 
Similiar to the pair method except the data is returned via an out parameter. This puts the responsibility on the calling code to construct the object. 

### Throw an exception
An empty queue isn't exceptional. 

### Optional `std::optional<T>`
Calling code doesn't have to construct any out param objects.
Clean syntax to check if data is valid.

## Mutex & Conditional Variable type
`std::shared_mutex` is used to allow multiple readers to access the queue at the same time. 
`std::condition_variable` only works with std::mutex (for performance reasons).
`std::condition_variable_any` is used instead because it works with a shared mutex. 
May want to consider using switching this if the performance is noticable.

Commit message:

Use mutex rather than shared_mutex

ConcurrentQueue/README.md, after:

# Overview
This class provides a queue which can be shared between multiple threads and have multiple producers and consumers.

# Usage
# Construction
Creating a queue of strings
```C++
ConcurrentQueue<std::string> queue;
```
# Insertion
```C++
queue.push("Hello");
queue.push("World");
```
# Retreival
Two methods are provided for retreiving data.
If the queue is empty `tryFrontPop()` will return immediatly
```C++
auto val = queue.tryFrontPop();
if (val){
    std::cout << "My data is "<< *val;
}
else{
    std::cout << "The queue was empty ";
}
```
If the queue is empty `waitingFrontPop()` will wait until a producer puts something in the queue
```C++
auto val = queue.waitingFrontPop(); // Execution will wait here if the queue is empty
std::cout << "My data is "<< val;
```

# Rationale
## tryFrontPop() return type
This function needs to return 2 bits of information 
* Whether it was successful
* The popped data

### Iterator `Containter::const_iterator`
The underlying could be changed to std::deque to allow iterator access.  
The concurrentQueue should not return an iterator to the underlying container because then a user could break the encapsulation and bypass the thread safety to access queue elements.

### Unique Pointer `std::unique_ptr<T>`
The function could return a nullptr if the queue was empty and return a pointer to the data if it was possible.
This would in memory allocation on the heap every time data is accessed.

### Pair `std::pair<T,bool>`
If data was available the function could return the data, and `true` to signify the data is good.
Otherwise the return type would be default constructed and returned with a `false` to signify the data is bad.
The bool should be the 2nd param to be consistent with the [STL](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/map/insert) and for [performance reasons](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56761591/how-do-i-organize-members-in-a-struct-to-waste-the-least-space-on-alignment).
This means only default constructable objects can be stored in the queue.

### Out Parameter 
Similiar to the pair method except the data is returned via an out parameter. This puts the responsibility on the calling code to construct the object. 

### Throw an exception
An empty queue isn't exceptional. 

### Optional `std::optional<T>`
Calling code doesn't have to construct any out param objects.
Clean syntax to check if data is valid.

## Mutex & Conditional Variable type
`std::shared_mutex` allows for multiple readers (non-modifying) access to the queue at the same time. However that means the less performant `std::condition_variable_any` has to be used (rather than `std::condition_variable`).  
Under most circumstances there is no value is querying the state of the queue (is empty, size, etc) since there is no guarantee that the state will not be changed by another thread before you can make an action based off of the state. Therefore it is not worth making performance sacrafices for shared reading of the queue.
